the international technical sub-division division was created at the end of
80s to coordinate the development of subaru rally cars
at present they have also created high consumption versions
benefits of English to wrc kiss that combine power with precision and
features with functionality the power comes from a motor of 2 with
the 5 liter and 16 bolt boxer valves had to interpose produces more than 300
horses at 6 thousand revolutions without ever losing an iota of
elegance and control the five-door saloon design has been
developed from the standard printed model the impreza wrx sd the
has widened faltones and a longer wheelbase with protrusions
shorter backs and forwards that define your personality and leave patent
its power
min
on the other hand
the general secretaries of cc oo
objective is to protest
one
the respectable people who have been years
to work
league
min
the rxh has gone on sale in 2003 life to more than 160 thousand units in all
The world to date this car has been awarded more than 50 awards
globally included several car of the year in 2003 and 2004 the rx8 plus
recent with an improved appearance and features is still so elegant and
modern as the day that the most special feature of Tuesday was presented
r x8 is a good nexsys rat engine already include successes that generates about
impressive 272 horses and with a natural suction engine is
relatively small smoke like three internal the speed limit of
this light engine is located at 9 thousand and with its power zoning
offers a thrilling driving experience
the profile of five-spoke wheels draws a shape that led the
design of triangular motor routes design of doors with opening
inverted is a sign of innovation and allows passengers to access the
rear seats easily without losing the size and shape of a car
sports
min